Add pytest benchmarking for Parquet reads (#160)
ray-project/deltacat: deltacat/benchmarking/README.md

# Benchmarking

## Setup

> 1. Install DeltaCat's `requirements.txt` and `dev-requirements.txt`

Reviewer: What do you think about introducing a new `benchmark-requirements.txt` that includes `dev-requirements.txt` and daft, then just changing this line to tell the reader to just install `benchmark-requirements.txt`?

2. Install the appropriate versions of additional packages that are being benchmarked (e.g. `pip install getdaft`)

> 

Author: Thanks and will do!

## Running Benchmarks

### Parquet Reads

> We recommend running these benchmarks in a production AWS environment with the appropriate setup for high bandwidth access to AWS S3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend running these benchmarks in an AWS environment configured for high bandwidth access to AWS S3. For example, on an EC2 instance with enhanced networking support: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/enhanced-networking.html.
```
